.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

### Description

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. -->

<!-- List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

Fixes # (issue)

#### Type of Change

<!-- Please delete options that are not relevant. -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How Has This Been Tested?

<!-- Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. -->

<!-- Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration -->

### Checklist

<!-- (Feel free to delete this section upon completion) -->

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project (I have run `pnpm run lint`)
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes (I have run `pnpm run test:ci-with-server`/`pnpm run test`)
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules

Commit message:

chore: add changeset reminder to PR template

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

### Description

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. -->

<!-- List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

Fixes # (issue)

#### Type of Change

<!-- Please delete options that are not relevant. -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How Has This Been Tested?

<!-- Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. -->

<!-- Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration -->

### Checklist

<!-- (Feel free to delete this section upon completion) -->

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project (I have run `pnpm run lint`)
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes (I have run `pnpm run test:ci-with-server`/`pnpm run test`)
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] I have recorded any user-facing fixes or changes with `pnpm changeset`.
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules
