docs/api.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# API

## Carousel Props

Props for the `<Carousel />` component with their types and default values.

### `adaptiveHeight`
A `boolean` to set the carousel to adapt its height to the visible slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `adaptiveHeightAnimation`
A `boolean` to animate height changes when `adaptiveHeight` is enabled.  Default value: `false`.

---

### `afterSlide`
A function `(index: number) => void` to be called after a slide is changed with a slide index parameter.

---

### `autoplay`
A `boolean` to set the carousel to automatically play through the slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `autoplayInterval`
A `number` for the `autoplay` iteration in milliseconds. Default value: `3000`.

---

### `beforeSlide`
A function `(index: number) => void` to be called before a slide is changed with a slide index parameter.

---

### `cellAlign`
An enum `'left' | 'center' | 'right'` for when displaying more than one slide, sets which position to anchor the current slide. Default value: `'left'`.

---

### `cellSpacing`
A `number` representing pixels for the spacing between slides. Default value: `0`.

---

### `className`
A `string` for the CSS selectors to be applied to the slider frame.

---

### `defaultControlsConfig`
A configuration object to apply custom classes and styles to the default controls. [Learn more](#default-controls-configuration) about the interface.

---

### `disableAnimation`
A `boolean` to disable the animation of the carousel. Default value: `false`.

---

### `disableEdgeSwiping`
A `boolean` to disable swiping past the edge for the first and last slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `dragging`
A `boolean` to enable dragging of slides to navigate using a pointing device. Default value: `true`.

---

### `dragThreshold`
A `number` representing the percentage (from `0` to `1`) of a slide that the user needs to drag before a slide change is triggered. Default value: `0.5`.

---

### `easing`
An easing function `(normalizedTime: number) => number` for the navigation animations. [Learn more](#easing-functions) about how to use the easing function. The default function is a cubic ease out.

---

### `edgeEasing`
An easing function `(normalizedTime: number) => number` for when the navigation exceeds the edge. [Learn more](#easing-functions) about how to use the easing function. The default function is a cubic ease out.

---

### `enableKeyboardControls`
A `boolean` to enable keyboard controls when the carousel has focus. If the carousel does not have focus, keyboard controls will be ignored. Default value: `false`.

___

### `frameAriaLabel`
A `string` for the aria-label of the frame container of the carousel. This is useful when you have more than one carousel on the page. The default value is an empty string.

---

### `keyCodeConfig`
A configuration object for the key codes to override the default keyboard keys configured when `enableKeyboardControls` is `true`. [Learn more](#key-code-configuration) about the interface.

---

### `onDragStart`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture event at the start of swiping and dragging slides.

---

### `onDrag`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture the dragging and swiping events on slides.

---

### `onDragEnd`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture event at the end of swiping and dragging slides.

---

### `onUserNavigation`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent | React.MouseEvent | React.KeyboardEvent) => void;` to capture user-triggered when navigation occurs: dragging and swiping, clicking one of the controls (custom controls not included), or using a keyboard shortcut.

---

### `pauseOnHover`
A `boolean` to autoplay when mouse hovered over the carousel. Default value is `true`.

___

### `onUserNavigation`
A function `(props: Pick<CarouselState, 'currentSlide' | 'count'>) => string` to render the message in the ARIA live region that is announcing the current slide on slide change.

___

### `ref`
A React ref object `MutableRefObject<HTMLDivElement | null>` for carousel element.

---

### `renderTopLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderTopCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top center area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderTopRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center middle area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom center area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `scrollMode`
An enum `'page' | 'remainder'` for showing whitespace when you scroll to the end of a carousel with `wrapAround` set to `false`. Setting to `'remainder'` will not show the whitespace. Default value: `'page'`.

---

### `slideIndex`
A `number` to set the index of the slide to be shown. This value is unset by default.

---

### `slidesToScroll`
A `number` to set the amount of slides to scroll at once. This prop is ignored when `animation` is set to `fade`. Default value is `1`.

---

### `slidesToShow`
A `number` to set the amount of slides to show at once. This prop is will be cast as an integer when `animation` is set to `fade` since fractional slides are not supported with that animation type. Default value is `1`.

---

### `speed`
A `number` to set the animation duration and transition speed in milliseconds. Default value is `500`.

---

### `style`
A `CSSProperties` object to set additional inline styles for the carousel frame.

---

### `swiping`
A `boolean` to enable touch swipe and dragging for navigation. Default value is `true`.

---

### `withoutControls`
A `boolean` to remove and hide all controls. Default value is `false`.

---

### `wrapAround`
A `boolean` to enable wrap around mode where the carousel can infinitely navigate forwards and backwards. Default value is `false`.

---

### `zoomScale`
A `number` to set the scale of zoom when the animation type is set to `zoom`. The number should range from `0` to `1`. Default value is `0.85`.

---

## Default Controls Configuration
A configuration object to apply custom classes and styles to the default container, navigation buttons, and progress dot controls. This configuration object also lets you add additional event handlers to each of the navigation item's click handlers.
```tsx
interface DefaultControlsConfig  {
  containerClassName?: string
  nextButtonClassName?: string
  nextButtonStyle?: CSSProperties
  nextButtonText?: React.ReactNode
  pagingDotsClassName?: string
  pagingDotsContainerClassName?: string
  pagingDotsStyle?: CSSProperties
  prevButtonClassName?: string
  prevButtonStyle?: CSSProperties
  prevButtonText?: React.ReactNode
  prevButtonOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void
  nextButtonOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void
  pagingDotsOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void

}
```

## Control Render Functions
The control render functions are render props that let you provide a custom UI that overrides the default UI for each of the control areas. The signature for the render functions is: `(props: ControlProps) => JSX.Element`.

```tsx
interface ControlProps {
  currentSlide: number;
  slideCount: number;
  pagingDotsIndices: number[];
  nextDisabled: boolean;
  previousDisabled: boolean;
  nextSlide(): void;
  previousSlide(): void;
  goToSlide(targetIndex: number): void;
}
```

### `currentSlide`
A `number` set to the current slide index.

---

### `slideCount`
A `number` set to the number of slides.

---

### `pagingDotsIndices`
An array `number[]` set the indexes of the active slides.

---

### `nextDisabled`
A `boolean` indicating if a custom next slide control be disabled

---

### `previousDisabled`
A `boolean` indicating if a custom next slide control be disabled

---


### `nextSlide`
A function to invoke to navigate to the next slide.

---

### `previousSlide`
A function to invoke to navigate to the previous slide.

---

### `goToSlide`
A function to invoke with a `number` parameter to navigate to a specific slide.

---

## Key Code Configuration
A configuration object for the key codes to override the default keyboard keys configured when `enableKeyboardControls` is `true`. Multiple custom key codes can be provided for each action.
```tsx
interface KeyCodeConfig {
  firstSlide?: number[];
  lastSlide?: number[];
  nextSlide?: number[];
  pause?: number[];
  previousSlide?: number[];
}
```

## Easing Functions

`(normalizedTime: number) => number`

A function accepting a normalized time between `0` and `1`, inclusive, and returning an eased time, which equals `0` at `normalizedTime == 0` and equals `1` at `normalizedTime == 1`. You can plug in your own custom easing function (e.g., `(t) => t` for a linear transition), or import functions from a different library, like [`d3-ease`](https://github.com/d3/d3-ease).
```tsx
import { easeCircleOut, easeElasticOut } from 'd3-ease';

// ...

<Carousel easing={easeCircleOut} edgeEasing={easeElasticOut}>
  {/* Carousel Content */}
</Carousel>
```

Please note that using a function for `easing` with "In" in it (ease**In**Out, easeElastic**In**, etc.) will make swiping transitions feel a bit clunky, as the velocity at the end of the swipe will suddenly drop to follow the slow startup speed of the "In" easing function. In general, when using custom easing functions, try out both swiping and clicking on the navigation buttons to see how the transitions feel.

Commit message:

Add v7 docs, switch to React 18’s `useId` for carousel identifier. (#1039)
* Add v7 docs, fix useId for React 18

* Update carousel.tsx

* Add links to props from v7 migration guide.

docs/api.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# API

## Carousel Props

Props for the `<Carousel />` component with their types and default values.

### `adaptiveHeight`
A `boolean` to set the carousel to adapt its height to the visible slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `adaptiveHeightAnimation`
A `boolean` to animate height changes when `adaptiveHeight` is enabled.  Default value: `false`.

---

### `afterSlide`
A function `(index: number) => void` to be called after a slide is changed with a slide index parameter.

---

### `autoplay`
A `boolean` to set the carousel to automatically play through the slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `autoplayInterval`
A `number` for the `autoplay` iteration in milliseconds. Default value: `3000`.

---

### `beforeSlide`
A function `(index: number) => void` to be called before a slide is changed with a slide index parameter.

---

### `carouselId`

A `string` prop that gives the carousel frame an id attribute which can be uniquely targeted by controls. This prevents collisions if there are multiple instances of Nuka in a single tree. The default value is generated by React’s `useId` hook.

---

### `cellAlign`
An enum `'left' | 'center' | 'right'` for when displaying more than one slide, sets which position to anchor the current slide. Default value: `'left'`.

---

### `cellSpacing`
A `number` representing pixels for the spacing between slides. Default value: `0`.

---

### `className`
A `string` for the CSS selectors to be applied to the slider frame.

---

### `defaultControlsConfig`
A configuration object to apply custom classes and styles to the default controls. [Learn more](#default-controls-configuration) about the interface.

---

### `disableAnimation`
A `boolean` to disable the animation of the carousel. Default value: `false`.

---

### `disableEdgeSwiping`
A `boolean` to disable swiping past the edge for the first and last slides. Default value: `false`.

---

### `dragging`
A `boolean` to enable dragging of slides to navigate using a pointing device. Default value: `true`.

---

### `dragThreshold`
A `number` representing the percentage (from `0` to `1`) of a slide that the user needs to drag before a slide change is triggered. Default value: `0.5`.

---

### `easing`
An easing function `(normalizedTime: number) => number` for the navigation animations. [Learn more](#easing-functions) about how to use the easing function. The default function is a cubic ease out.

---

### `edgeEasing`
An easing function `(normalizedTime: number) => number` for when the navigation exceeds the edge. [Learn more](#easing-functions) about how to use the easing function. The default function is a cubic ease out.

---

### `enableKeyboardControls`
A `boolean` to enable keyboard controls when the carousel has focus. If the carousel does not have focus, keyboard controls will be ignored. Default value: `false`.

___

### `frameAriaLabel`
A `string` for the aria-label of the frame container of the carousel. This is useful when you have more than one carousel on the page. The default value is now `Slider`, **this is changed** from v6 and earlier.

---

### `keyCodeConfig`
A configuration object for the key codes to override the default keyboard keys configured when `enableKeyboardControls` is `true`. [Learn more](#key-code-configuration) about the interface.

---

### `landmark`
A `boolean` that determines whether role should be a region landmark or have role group. Role and label have been moved from the slider frame to the parent carousel element so controls are contained within the label and role. Landmark regions should be intentional, so the default value is set to `false`.

---

### `onDragStart`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture event at the start of swiping and dragging slides.

---

### `onDrag`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture the dragging and swiping events on slides.

---

### `onDragEnd`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent<HTMLDivElement> | React.MouseEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void;` to capture event at the end of swiping and dragging slides.

---

### `onUserNavigation`
A function `(e: React.TouchEvent | React.MouseEvent | React.KeyboardEvent) => void;` to capture user-triggered when navigation occurs: dragging and swiping, clicking one of the controls (custom controls not included), or using a keyboard shortcut.

---

### `pauseOnHover`
A `boolean` to autoplay when mouse hovered over the carousel. Default value is `true`.

___

### `onUserNavigation`
A function `(props: Pick<CarouselState, 'currentSlide' | 'count'>) => string` to render the message in the ARIA live region that is announcing the current slide on slide change.

___

### `ref`
A React ref object `MutableRefObject<HTMLDivElement | null>` for carousel element.

---

### `renderTopLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderTopCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top center area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderTopRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the top right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center middle area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderCenterRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the center right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomLeftControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom left area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomCenterControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom center area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `renderBottomRightControls`
A function to render custom controls for the bottom right area of the carousel. [Learn more](#control-render-functions) about function and the parameters it accepts.

---

### `scrollMode`
An enum `'page' | 'remainder'` for showing whitespace when you scroll to the end of a carousel with `wrapAround` set to `false`. Setting to `'remainder'` will not show the whitespace. Default value: `'page'`.

---

### `slideIndex`
A `number` to set the index of the slide to be shown. This value is unset by default.

---

### `slidesToScroll`
A `number` to set the amount of slides to scroll at once. This prop is ignored when `animation` is set to `fade`. Default value is `1`.

---

### `slidesToShow`
A `number` to set the amount of slides to show at once. This prop is will be cast as an integer when `animation` is set to `fade` since fractional slides are not supported with that animation type. Default value is `1`.

---

### `speed`
A `number` to set the animation duration and transition speed in milliseconds. Default value is `500`.

---

### `style`
A `CSSProperties` object to set additional inline styles for the carousel frame.

---

### `swiping`
A `boolean` to enable touch swipe and dragging for navigation. Default value is `true`.

---

### `tabbed`

A `boolean` which enables the `tabpannel` aria role for the carousel to conform to WCAG tabbed carousel requirements. Default value is `true`.

---

### `withoutControls`
A `boolean` to remove and hide all controls. Default value is `false`.

---

### `wrapAround`
A `boolean` to enable wrap around mode where the carousel can infinitely navigate forwards and backwards. Default value is `false`.

---

### `zoomScale`
A `number` to set the scale of zoom when the animation type is set to `zoom`. The number should range from `0` to `1`. Default value is `0.85`.

---

## Default Controls Configuration
A configuration object to apply custom classes and styles to the default container, navigation buttons, and progress dot controls. This configuration object also lets you add additional event handlers to each of the navigation item's click handlers.
```tsx
interface DefaultControlsConfig  {
  containerClassName?: string
  nextButtonClassName?: string
  nextButtonStyle?: CSSProperties
  nextButtonText?: React.ReactNode
  pagingDotsClassName?: string
  pagingDotsContainerClassName?: string
  pagingDotsStyle?: CSSProperties
  prevButtonClassName?: string
  prevButtonStyle?: CSSProperties
  prevButtonText?: React.ReactNode
  prevButtonOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void
  nextButtonOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void
  pagingDotsOnClick?(event: React.MouseEvent): void

}
```

## Control Render Functions
The control render functions are render props that let you provide a custom UI that overrides the default UI for each of the control areas. The signature for the render functions is: `(props: ControlProps) => JSX.Element`.

```tsx
interface ControlProps {
  currentSlide: number;
  slideCount: number;
  pagingDotsIndices: number[];
  nextDisabled: boolean;
  previousDisabled: boolean;
  nextSlide(): void;
  previousSlide(): void;
  goToSlide(targetIndex: number): void;
}
```

### `currentSlide`
A `number` set to the current slide index.

---

### `slideCount`
A `number` set to the number of slides.

---

### `pagingDotsIndices`
An array `number[]` set the indexes of the active slides.

---

### `nextDisabled`
A `boolean` indicating if a custom next slide control be disabled

---

### `previousDisabled`
A `boolean` indicating if a custom next slide control be disabled

---


### `nextSlide`
A function to invoke to navigate to the next slide.

---

### `previousSlide`
A function to invoke to navigate to the previous slide.

---

### `goToSlide`
A function to invoke with a `number` parameter to navigate to a specific slide.

---

## Key Code Configuration
A configuration object for the key codes to override the default keyboard keys configured when `enableKeyboardControls` is `true`. Multiple custom key codes can be provided for each action.
```tsx
interface KeyCodeConfig {
  firstSlide?: number[];
  lastSlide?: number[];
  nextSlide?: number[];
  pause?: number[];
  previousSlide?: number[];
}
```

## Easing Functions

`(normalizedTime: number) => number`

A function accepting a normalized time between `0` and `1`, inclusive, and returning an eased time, which equals `0` at `normalizedTime == 0` and equals `1` at `normalizedTime == 1`. You can plug in your own custom easing function (e.g., `(t) => t` for a linear transition), or import functions from a different library, like [`d3-ease`](https://github.com/d3/d3-ease).
```tsx
import { easeCircleOut, easeElasticOut } from 'd3-ease';

// ...

<Carousel easing={easeCircleOut} edgeEasing={easeElasticOut}>
  {/* Carousel Content */}
</Carousel>
```

Please note that using a function for `easing` with "In" in it (ease**In**Out, easeElastic**In**, etc.) will make swiping transitions feel a bit clunky, as the velocity at the end of the swipe will suddenly drop to follow the slow startup speed of the "In" easing function. In general, when using custom easing functions, try out both swiping and clicking on the navigation buttons to see how the transitions feel.
