docs/v8-upgrade-guide.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';

# v8 Upgrade Guide

Nuka v8 and above are completely rewritten with new props and might not be completely backwards compatable with v7.

---

## New Props

`scrollDistance`

`showPageIndicators`

`pageIndicatorProps`

`wrapperClassName`

<Link to="/api">Read more about how to use them in the API (v8+) pages.</Link>

---

## Removed Props

`adaptiveHeight` - The carousel should adapt automatically to the height of the items in the carousel without the need of this prop.

`adaptiveHeightAnimation` - The carousel should adapt automatically to the height of the items in the carousel without the need of this prop.

`carouselId`

`cellAlign` - this should just be controlled through passed CSS (prop `wrapperClassName`).

`cellSpacing` - this should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`defaultControlsConfig`

`disableAnimation` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`dragging` - this is always on, it defaults to the OS/browser settings.

`dragThreshold` - this defaults to the OS/browser settings.

`easing` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`edgeEasing` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`enableKeyboardControls` - this should be native without interference. If the content is focusable through normal tabbing, it will focus.

`keyCodeConfig` - should be native.

`landmark`

`renderTop{direction}Controls` - build your own next/prev controls with the goBack() and goForward() exposed methods.

`scrollMode` - always on `remainder` for now.

`slideIndex`

`slidesToScroll` - renamed to scrollDistance.

`slidesToShow` - now based on media queries and how large the slides are.

`speed` - should be native.

`style` - pass styles through the wrapperClassName if needed.

`swiping` - default to OS/browser settings.

`tabbed` - should be native.

`withoutControls` - controls are not rendered by default. Use methods to build your own next/prev triggers or style the page controls with `showPageIndicators` and `pageIndicatorProps`.

`zoomScale` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

---

## Props in consideration

These v7 and below props are being worked on or are considered for v8.

`afterSlide`

`beforeSlide`

`disableEdgeSwiping`

`frameAriaLabel`

`onDragStart`

`onDrag`

`onDragEnd`

`onUserNavigation`

`pauseOnHover`

`wrapAround` - right now, you can wrap the the front but it won't infinitely scroll like in v7.

Commit message:

Add before/after slide hooks, docs, and tests

docs/v8-upgrade-guide.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';

# v8 Upgrade Guide

Nuka v8 and above are completely rewritten with new props and might not be completely backwards compatable with v7.

---

## New Props

`scrollDistance`

`showPageIndicators`

`pageIndicatorProps`

`wrapperClassName`

## Changed Props

`afterSlide`

`beforeSlide` - implemented with some changes from v7

<Link to="/api">Read more about how to use them in the API (v8+) pages.</Link>

---

## Removed Props

`adaptiveHeight` - The carousel should adapt automatically to the height of the items in the carousel without the need of this prop.

`adaptiveHeightAnimation` - The carousel should adapt automatically to the height of the items in the carousel without the need of this prop.

`carouselId`

`cellAlign` - this should just be controlled through passed CSS (prop `wrapperClassName`).

`cellSpacing` - this should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`defaultControlsConfig`

`disableAnimation` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`dragging` - this is always on, it defaults to the OS/browser settings.

`dragThreshold` - this defaults to the OS/browser settings.

`easing` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`edgeEasing` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

`enableKeyboardControls` - this should be native without interference. If the content is focusable through normal tabbing, it will focus.

`keyCodeConfig` - should be native.

`landmark`

`renderTop{direction}Controls` - build your own next/prev controls with the goBack() and goForward() exposed methods.

`scrollMode` - always on `remainder` for now.

`slideIndex`

`slidesToScroll` - renamed to scrollDistance.

`slidesToShow` - now based on media queries and how large the slides are.

`speed` - should be native.

`style` - pass styles through the wrapperClassName if needed.

`swiping` - default to OS/browser settings.

`tabbed` - should be native.

`withoutControls` - controls are not rendered by default. Use methods to build your own next/prev triggers or style the page controls with `showPageIndicators` and `pageIndicatorProps`.

`zoomScale` - should just be controlled through passed CSS.

---

## Props in consideration

These v7 and below props are being worked on or are considered for v8.

`disableEdgeSwiping` - This might just be covered natively by browser/os. Not entirely sure yet.

`frameAriaLabel` - would like to do sweeping functionality and docs update for all accessibility things

`onDragStart` - in theory should be the same as `beforeSlide` but the debounce is too late for manual scrolling for this to really be effective.

`onDrag` - considering the use case for this, this would involve writing a shorter debounce on a useEffect that runs this function every time the scrollIndex changes.

`onDragEnd` - in theory should be the same as `afterSlide` since dragging with a touch device will trigger `afterSlide` after the scroll listening debounce ends.

`onUserNavigation` - would like to do sweeping functionality and docs update for all accessibility things

`pauseOnHover` - not implemented, not documented.

`wrapAround` - right now, you can wrap the the front but it won't infinitely scroll like in v7.
